You attack!
You died
You hold your torch high in front of you as you approach the creature, hoping to bring it into full view.
You can feel the ground rumble as the creature stands up and takes a few steps into your area of vision.
Immediately, you take notice of the straight pointing horns adorning its enormous ugly head.
Rows of pointed, blood-stained teeth shine in the torchlight with two exceptionally sharp canines potruding from the top of its mouth.
A large mane of jet black hair covers its neck to the top of its head.
Its bare chest is red like the Tengu but unlike the Tengu, what you recognize as an Oni stands more than two times your height with hands the size of your head that end in sharp blood crusted nails.
To add to the fearsome sight, the Oni grasps a large iron war club in its right hand the size of your body.
1) [Prepare to fight with your axe drawn in your right hand]
You ask the abbot about the inscription.
He explains that the inscription is composed of the three words "Arya Vajra Dharma".
"The words describe our path as followers of the Buddha." 
"Our path is to be noble and like a thunderbolt."
"Be compassionate but also be hard and be strong."
"For the coming journey you must be a Vira, a hero."
"Always keep this weapon close to you and let it grant you strength."
"Let it also sever your desires as it severs the heads of demons."
1) Thank the abbot for the weapon and prepare to depart 
With the dead behind you, you tread onwards towards the peak which is now within a mere grasp.
You look towards the sun and gauge that it will begin to set in no more than an hour.
The intense light of midday has been by now replaced with the warmer caressing orange of the late afternoon.
After approximately ten minutes pass, you round the last stretch of the path leading up to the peak.
Upon reaching the top, you take in the surreal scene.
Before you lies the once fearsome god Zao Gongen with his dual pronged vajra still clasped in his right hand.
A puddle of gold-hued blood lies underneath the god's unmoving body, contrasting with his skin - a bluish black of midnight.
Your eyes are drawn to the source of the blood - a large gash in the god's leg, still holding the tip of a giant arrow, seemingly larger than your body.
Though you know it not to be the case, the god almost appears dead from the wound, and you can see no indication of life.
Aside from you and the wounded god, there seems to be no other living soul, only the gentle breeze.
You are not sure what you were expecting, but something about this whole situation seems off and you are filled with a feeling of foreboding.
1) Approach the wounded god and attempt to revive it with the waters.
2) Draw your axe and stand your ground.
You attack!
You get down on your belly and squeeze through the opening, wiggling your way through the narrow space.
You have to reluctantly leave your torch and weapon behind in order to fit through and can see nothing but darkness.
You are forced to feel your way forward through the cold, wet rock.
The sounds of running water get closer as you move through the tunnel.
After a drawn out matter of minutes pass, you finally wiggle your way free into a more open space.
You notice a very soft glow illuminating much of the area around you and follow the light to its source, a large pool of water with streams both entering from and exiting into openings that could lead anywhere.
The hue of the water and its glow resembles that of the water in your dream when the Buddha had appeared before you.
There is no doubt that these are the fabled waters of immortality.
1) Fill one of your empty canteens with the water and leave the cave.
Deciding to rest your weary bones, you set camp for the night.
You are used to austerity, so you have no need of a sleeping bag and are able to fall asleep against a rock.
Once again you find yourself transported the realm of dreams.
You are back in the monastery meditating intently on the deities when you hear an unfamiliar voice calling your name.
Before you appears a strange old man with aged, white hair.
In one hand you see a large dual-pronged vajra weapon.
In his other hand you see a bell.
His stern eyes bore into you and seconds of silence that feel like an eternity pass before he speaks in a booming voice..
"Kenzou Miyamoto.  I have been expecting you."
You reply:
1) "How do you know my name?  Who are you?"
2)"I come here on a divine quest by Gautama Buddha himself."  [Recite a mantra to the Buddha to show where your devotion lies.]
3) Stay silent as you're not sure whether to trust this man.
You begin your ascent up the base of the mountain.
You were told the waters of immortality converge here at the mountain, but currently have no idea where to look.
You will just have to keep a keen eye out.
As you walk through the dead foliage littering the mountain, you come across an opening into what appears to be a cavern.
You are not sure why but you feel drawn to the cavern as if it is pulling you in.
1) Enter the cavern

You pay the cry for help no heed as you continue towards the base.
 You can now see it clearly and will be there in no matter of time.  
1) Approach the base of the mountain.
You cease all movement and hold your breathe, hoping the creature doesn't see you as a threat.
Its eyes fix on you and it blinks.
You feel the ground rumble as the creature stands up and takes a few steps into your area of vision.
Immediately, you take notice of the straight pointing horns adorning its enormous ugly head.
Rows of pointed, blood-stained teeth shine in the torchlight, with two exceptionally sharp canines potruding from the top of its mouth.
A large mane of jet black hair covers its neck to the top of its head.
Its bare chest is red like the Tengu but unlike the Tengu, what you recognize as an Oni stands more than two times your height with hands the size of your head that end in sharp blood crusted nails.
To add to the fearsome sight, the Oni grasps a large iron war club in its right hand the size of your body.
It doesn't look as if it will let you leave.
1) Prepare to fight with your axe drawn in your right hand.
You march onwards to your destination.
You can see the outline of the Golden Peak in the distance and you know you've made significant progress.
On your right, you hug the Katsuragi mountains.
The lush mountains starkly contrast their green with the azure hue of the morning sky.
You had been so focused on your goal since leaving the monastery that it had been long before you remembered the beauty of your surroundings.
Swathes of trees and plants are visible for many miles on all sides and you have even spotted the occassional bird.
It is hard to imagine that evil could be lurking just in the distance near such a serene place.
As you walk under a canopy of trees, you can swear that you hear a rustling of feathers above, but as your turn eyes upward, you are greeted only with the sight of leaves blowing in the wind.
1) Shout "Who's there? Reveal yourself."
2) It was probably just the rustling of the trees.  Continue on your way.
You thank the abbot for the weapon and he tells you to wait for a moment as he disappears again into the north room. 
The abbot returns with a satchel that he hands over to you.
"You will need some travel rations and somewhere to stow your weapon."
"Take this and be off. There is no time to waste." 
"The Buddha be with you."
1) Depart the monastery to the Golden Peak.

You continue following the path winding up the mountain and notice a wretched smell of death.
It assaults your nostrils, but you push onwards until you turn a corner and see the source of the smell.
Before you is a gruesome sight.
A creature feasts on the corpse of what appears to be a monk, who's unfortunate pilgrimage had been cut short.
You glare at the creature and notice its brownish-red skin, flared ears, and jagged teeth, as it tears into the rotten flesh of the dead monk.
It is a man-eating demon, known as a Rakshasa.
You had heard stories and warnings of them, but never had the misfortune of seeing one yourself.
Seeing the dead monk has made an uncontrollable anger rise up within you.
You draw your vajra weapon with vengeance clear in your eyes.
The Rakhasa doesn't notice you,  and continues to feed contentedly on the monk.
1) Lunge at the Rakshasa while he is unaware.
2) Get the Rakshasa's attention as you prepare to hack him to pieces.
The Golden Peak looms ahead of you as you approach the beginnings of its base.
The path that led up to this point could not have prepared you for the sight of the mountain itself.
What was once a healthy and auspicious mountain has clearly been sickened.
Trees lie dead and withered and there is no green to be seen for miles beyond.
It looks as if rain had had stopped falling entirely around the perimeter of the mountain for weeks at least.
A shiver goes down your spine.
Suddenly, you no longer feel alone.
You look around at the wasteland surrounding you, but only hear the howling of the wind.
As you turn back to face the Peak, you nearly jump when you see a strange looking figure perched on a large tree stump between you and the base of the mountain.
You do not move and your eyes are fixed on the figure, not able to help but notice his unusual features.
The figure has a tall and slender clearly male humanoid body, but the face is where the human likeness is lost.
The man's face is fiery red in complexion and sports an abnormally long nose.
His hair is white and worn long down to his shoulders.
Behind his shoulders you can see what appear to be wings covered in black feathers.
You recognize the unusual features to be that of a Tengu, a race of powerful tricksters who have often been enemies of the Buddha. 
1) Approach the Tengu blocking your path.
You step out of the monastery, taking in your surroundings and the place that you have long called your home.
The path ahead before you beckons and your heart feels both excitement and anticipation for what lies ahead.
You remember the Buddha's teachings of detachment and that enlightenment cannot be achieved when fear has yet to be conquered.
Looking back one last time, you leave the monastery towards the Golden Peak.
The monastery disappears behind you as you venture towards the unknown.  
You walk for many hours with only your thoughts to occupy you.
The day passes with little of note.
Only, the mountains seem more still than usual.
As the sun disappears beneath the horizon, you consider stopping for the night.  
1) Sleep for the night and continue in the morning.
2) There is no time to waste, push on through the night.
It is good.
It is done.
You rush to free the man from the boulder, but see that he is bound by shackles of a magical nature.  He shakes his head and frowns.  

"I thank you for the attempt, but these shackles cannot be broken by any ordinary means."
"You must find the wizard and kill him.  Only by doing so can you free me from this torment."  
1) Tell me where to find this wizard
The man ignores your silence and continues speaking. .
"I have known your purpose since the vision."
"There is little I can do to aid your quest in my current state."
"Thus, Fate has decided."
"Be strong Kenzou, and heed this warning."
"Do not free the chained god lest you seek to meet death early."
"Words that taste of nectar may very well be poison."
"Be well and may Shakyamuni guide you."
1) Inquire further about this "chained god".
2) Ask what prevents him from aiding you.
3) Stay silent
You humbly bow to the abbot with hands folded and tell him of the vision you experienced.
At the mention of the Buddha's appearance, his eyes widen, but he does not speak until you have finished retelling what you had seen.
Once you finish speaking, he sits silent for a few seconds before addressing you in a quiet yet firm voice...
"So you know what you must do then. Seek the waters and the wounded god."
"I would suggest leaving before nightfall."
"Before you go, I have something that may help you on your journey."
The abbot stands up and disappears into the north room before shortly returning with a steel object in his hands.
He hands you an axe weapon with the end of the handle ending in a single pronged vajra. 
The blade at first glance appears dull and you run your finger on the blade, but it immediately draws blood.
The steel feels cold in your palms, but you can sense an otherworldly power contained within it.
Engraved on the object, you see ancient Sanskrit engravings.
You have limited knowledge on the language and cannot make out what it says.
1) Ask the Abbot about the engraving and its meaning.
2) Thank the Abbot for the weapon and prepare to set off on your journey.
Zao Gongen nods and lowers his weapon.
Though still in his wrathful form, he now appears of a more congenial nature.
He thanks you and folds his hands in respect to you.
You fold your hands in return and bow to the god.
The god disappears from your sight and you start to see life returning to the mountain.
The dead and withered trees are replaced with vivid greenery and the chirping of birds can once again be heard.
You feel a hand on your shoulder and start suddenly.
Turning around with your hand resting on your axe handle, you looking into the face of an aged man with long white hair.
You recognize his stern eyes as the man who appeared in your dreams.  He speaks in the same voice, only softer this time.
"You have come far Kenzou.  The Buddha smiles upon you and the gods are thankful."
"There are many questions you have I am sure.  I should introduce myself foremost."
"I am En no Gyoja, the great mystic who once held dominion over this great mountain."
"I did not tell you all I knew when I appeared in your dream, because this is a task you were meant to complete on your own."
"Kenzou, I am growing old and soon to leave this world."
"I will need someone to succeed me as the guardian sage of these mountains, and you have proven more than worthy."
"The god, Zao Gongen, whom I summoned to guard this mountain is powerful, but is not enough to keep this peak from evil."
"Take my bell and vajra.  Become the next wizard of the mountains."
He offers his bell and vajra to you and offers to initiate you into the esoteric peacock mantra. 
1) Become the next wizard of the mountains.
2) Refuse politely.
3) Take the bell and vajra, then slay the wizard.
You ignore the Tengu's warning and continue your approach.
He draws his katana and lunges at you as he swings the sword in a wide arc at your neck.
1) [Fight]
Many hours pass from your conversation with the strange being. 
The Golden Peak looms ahead of you as you approach the beginnings of its base.
The path that led up to this point could not have prepared you for the sight of the mountain itself. 
What was once a healthy and auspicious mountain has clearly been sickened.
Trees lie dead and withered and there is no green to be seen for miles beyond.
It looks as if rain had had stopped falling entirely around the perimeter of the mountain for weeks at least.
A shiver goes down your spine.
Suddenly, you no longer feel alone.
You look around at the wasteland surrounding you, but only hear the howling of the wind.
As you turn back to face the Peak, you nearly jump when you see a strange looking figure perched on a large tree stump between you and the base of the mountain.
You do not move and your eyes are fixed on the figure, not able to help but notice his unusual features.
The figure has a tall and slender clearly male humanoid body, but the face is where the human likeness is lost.
The man's face is fiery red in complexion and sports an abnormally long nose. 
His hair is white and worn long down to his shoulders.
Behind his shoulders you can see what appear to be wings covered in black feathers.
You recognize the unusual features to be that of a Tengu, a race of powerful tricksters who have often been enemies of the Buddha. 
1) Approach the Tengu blocking your path
Before you can ask your question, the man disappears.
Just like that, you open your eyes back to the waking world, the sun greeting you on the horizon as it signals a new day and a new dawn. 
1) Continue on your journey
You contine on your way, but are unable to shake the feeling of being watched. 
1) Continue on your way.
The mendicants brows furrow but he doesn't say anything, only nodding in response.  
1) Leave
You proceed deeper into the cave, the walls enclosing tighter around you as you move further along.
It gets so tight that you are forced to rotate your body and squeeze through.
However, before it becomes too tight to move, you find yourself stumbling into a large open space.
Straining your ears, you can faintly hear what sounds like running water.  A stream?
In the depths of a cavern?
Your pondering is cut short when you notice a pair of yellow beast-like eyes staring at you in the dark.  You decide to...
1) Approach the creature cautiously.
2) Stand still and not move a muscle in the hopes of being ignored by the creature.
You turn away from the mendicant and leave the ravine behind.  You return to the path of dying mountain forests leading to the Golden Peak.
Your conversation with the god had only brought up more questions about this wizard of the mountains.
You think back to the abbot's warning about angering the wizard. 
1) Continue
You attack!
Against all seemingly possible odds, you manage to avoid the abundance of arrows and fire thrown your way.
Failing to kill you from a distance, the Asura approaches with a flurry of swords, but you parry and avoid each attack perfectly.
You bring your axe down on his left sword-arm and sever it clean from his torso.
He roars in rage and with bloodlust in his eyes, doubling up on his strikes in an attempt to force you backwards.
However, you see an opening as he raises his sword for another strike, and swing your axe into his remaining sword arm, sending his hand into the air, still grasping the sword.
Growing desperate, he tries to cast a powerful spell and large balls of flame appear in his top two hands.
However, before he can finish, you swing your axe with all the force you can muster and sever his multi-faced head clean from his shoulders.
Thick blood spurts from his neck and the body still stands, twitching and continuing to move slightly, his hands reaching out to your face before collapsing and going still.
You look back towards the wounded god and he remains there unmoving as he was when you first arrived.
1) Revive the wounded god.
You lunge at the Rakshasa and he turns towards you with teeth bared and yellow eyes boring into you. 
1 [Fight]
You sit still on the lake as a lotus above the waters. The light, cool breeze caresses your naked head.
Around you, you can see the snow tipped Katsuragi mountains of your Japanese homeland.
Your heightened awareness should capture every sound, every smell, and every spirit of nature, but all around you seems much too still.
Looking down at the water, you see that it has started to radiate a cool and soothing light that begins to engulf you.
A figure begins to emerge from the lake before you.
You recognize him from his depictions as Shakyamuni Buddha, with his hands folded and large radiant blue eyes. 
He is clad in saffron robes and looks at you calmly with benevolence and compassion in his eyes. He starts to speak...
"Humble disciple. Long have these mountains, lakes, and forests been a testament to beauty, protected by spirits and gods alike. 
However, the gods who once guarded these mountains have been overtaken by demons. 
Most important of these mountains is the Golden Peak which as you know was once a place of pilgrimage for aspiring monks such as yourself.
Though you are not yet a boddhisattva, you are needed now for the sake of the living beings who make this place their home. 
The god Zao Gongen, protector of the Golden Peak, has been gravely wounded and can only be revived by the waters of immortality, which you sit upon. 
Go to the Golden Peak where the streams of the divine waters converge and at its peak you will find the wounded god.
You will face many trials, but remember that you will not be alone.
Lastly, Kenzou, do not anger the wizard."
The vision begins to fade and the scene shifts until you feel the hard cold wood of the floor beneath you.
You are back in the monastery. 
You open your eyes and see the other saffron-robed monks sitting in lotus position as they chant on their prayer beads.
You look around and see the abbot approach, greeting you with folded hands and a bow.
1) Greet the abbot and tell him of the vision you experienced.
You take the bell and vajra from En no Gyoja, and he teaches you the peacock mantra.
With these boons, you are granted the mystic powers of the wizard, along with the duty to the Golden Peak.
His weathered and hard face cracks into a grateful smile.
You ask him what he will do now that you have taken up his role.
"My time here is done.  I shall retreat inwards until I leave this realm."
He sits down in lotus position and closes his eyes in absolute stillness. 
His face seems at peace, as if a huge burden had been lifted from his chest.
With the vajra and bell in hand, you look outwards to the setting sun.
You are filled with an inner peace and resolve at the accomplishment of your task.
You reflect on the changes you have undergone as a person  and look expectantly towards the future as a protector of all living beings... 
1) Take a deep breath of the mountain air
As you enter the cavern, the air feels moist and cold.
You cannot see anything except the light from the opening.
As you rummage through your satchel, you hand comes upon a torch that the abbot had kindly provided you.
You pull it out and light it using a fire-starting mantra you had been taught a couple years back.
The torch blazes into a large flame that illuminates the interior of the cave.
Stalagmites and stalagtites are visible on both sides of you with only a single path forward deeper into the cave.
1) Go deeper into the cave.

You attack!
The mendicant meets your eyes once again, this time with indignation apparent.  
"Because I refused to be a slave to the bastard!" 
Realizing he had lost his cool, his tone softens.
"He made unreasonable demands of which I refused.  He is a tyrant and nothing more.
If you truly fight for righteousness, you will free me and kill the madman."
1) "I will do what I can."
2) "I will have to think about it."
3) "Tell me where to find this wizard"
4) "Why should I trust you?  Who are you exactly?"
5) "I don't trust you and you're probably here for good reason.  I won't free you."
You walk past the dead demon towards the sound of running water.
You come upon a dead end and search around for where the sound could be coming from.
Lowering your torch you notice an opening just large enough for a human body to fit through.
You can't tell how far it goes, but you would have to crawl on your belly to get inside.
1) Enter the opening.

Silence.
There is no response to your inquiry and you suddenly feel a loneliness you didn't feel before.
Perhaps your isolation from others is starting to take its toll and you are hearing things.
Nevertheless, you can't shake the feeling that you are being watched.  
1) Continue on your way.
You manage to avoid the quick slashes of the flesh-eater's claws and it makes a fatal overstep.
Upon seeing an opening, you bring your axe down on the center of the Rakshasa's head, splitting its skull into two.
Dark red blood gushes out of the beast's head and it falls dead without a sound.
You think of the shame of not being given the proper cremation and funeral rites.
1) Conduct a short rite of departure for the monk.
2) With no time to waste, continue up to the mountain.  At least the monk had died on the auspicious Golden Peak of all places.
You attempt to approach the Tengu slowly in an unthreatening manner.  He breaks the silence with a shout.  
"Stop! Not a step further." 
The Tengu drops down from the tree stump and lands on his feet softly.  The movement is so quick that you hardly register it. 
You just notice the katana strapped to his side which his hand lightly rests on.
Your eyes next move to his hands, taking notice of the fingers ending in claw-like nails.  
1) Continue walking towards the Tengu with axe drawn
The man's face cracks into what seems a slight smile and then replies.
"Few things remain secret to me."
"I have known your purpose since the vision."
"There is little I can do to aid your quest in my current state."
"Thus, Fate has decided."
"As for who I am, I cannot yet tell you.  Be strong Kenzou and heed this warning."
"Do not free the chained god lest you seek to meet death early."
"Words that taste of nectar may very well be poison."
"Be well and may Shakyamuni guide you."
1) Inquire further about this "chained god".
2) Ask what prevents him from aiding you.
The mendicant nods in thanks. 
1) Leave
You take the bell and vajra from En no Gyoja and he teaches you the peacock mantra.
With these boons, you are granted the mystic powers of the wizard and also the duty to the Golden Peak.
His weathered and hard face cracks into a grateful smile. 
Before the wizard can register what is about to happen, you raise your vajra and launch a powerful lightning bolt at the sage, burning him to death in an instant and stopping his heart.
His charred body collapses, his eyes open, and face stuck in a look of surprise.
You look out towards the setting sun and hear a cackling voice of laughing in the distance...
1) ...
You approach the god and kneel down, bringing your canteen to his lips. 
Nothing happens.
Moments pass, and you wonder whether you were too late.
Remembering that the arrow is still in the wound, you pull the arrow out from the god, using what strength you have left.
Then, the body of the god starts to twitch, and the wound begins to mend itself.
Color returns to the dead skin and the god's eyes open.
The fearsome god, Zao Gongen, jumps up and with fire in his eyes, raising its vajra weapon.
Lightning cackles around the weapon and he glares at you accusingly.
His gaze softens when he sees your monk robes.
He speaks in a deep powerful voice.  
"Who are you?  What has happened?"
1) Introduce yourself and summarize the past events, and explain that you revived him with the waters of immortality.
You draw you axe and wait in expectance.  
You hope you are not foolish for doing so, but your instincts have not failed you in the past.
As if answering your call, you hear the sound of a drawstring and look up.
An arrow launches directly at you, but you manage to sidestep in time, avoiding it entirely.
You look up and see the source of the arrow descend.
Before you is another demon, larger than all the others, and bright red in skin color.
Six arms extend from its muscular torso.  One holds a bow and another draws an arrow.
In two of its hands it grasps curved steel swords, and in the last two hands, it wields a deadly flame.
On its head are not one, but three hideous faces that glare at you, while its jagged teeth curve into a cruel smile.
You recognize that this demon is not like the others, but an intelligent and extremely powerful being; no different than a god in ability.
He is what the monks call an Asura, one who is distinguished from the gods by his opposition to Dharma. 
He licks his front two canines, following a natural curve upwards into a perpetual insideous grin.
He laughs at you mockingly and draws his bow to fire.
1) Draw your axe and prepare to fight the Asura.
[You Died]
The silence is suddenly broken by a call for help.
You can hear it coming from the north west.
You are not entirely sure but it seems it couldn't have come from any more than a few hundred feet. 
1) Ignore the cry.
2) Go towards the direction of the shout.
You look into the man's face for any reaction, but he merely nods calmly in response, his eyes still sternly boring into you.
1) "How do you know my name?  Who are you?"
Wounded, you attack!
You approach the gruesome remains of the monk and recite a series of mantras and prayers before setting fire to the corpse.
Dark smoke rises into the sky, seemingly reaching towards the sun.
The smell of burning flesh now fills your nostrils, but you bear it stoically.
1) Leave and continue up the mountain.
The Tengu falls dead before you as you land a killing blow on his neck, severing the head with one stroke.
Dark red blood pours onto the ground and covers your axehead.
What was once the clashing of steel is once again silent aside from the wind.
Looking down at your axe, you notice the blood start to drip away until the blade is as clean as it was when you first wielded it.
You find your eyes drawn once again to the engraving and read the beautiful lines before stowing it away onto your satchel.
1) [Continue up the mountain]
The man's face changes suddenly and contorts into a furious snarl.
What was once the face of a middle aged man has turned hideous with bulging eyes, flabby stretched out skin, and a pig-like face.
His body likewise has changed to look like that of a glutton. 
He glares and screams at you in a grating voice. 
"YOU WILL REGRET THIS!!!" 
"YOU DO NOT DISOBEY A GOD."
"I AM HITOKOTONUSHI AND I TAKE TRIBUTE FROM EMPERORS, LET ALONE WHELPS LIKE YOU."
"WHEN I AM FREE I WILL MAKE YOU SUFFER TENFOLD OF WHAT I HAVE SUFFERED!!"
1) Leave
You walk for many more hours until you realize the occassional sounds of life you had been hearing have stopped completely. 
Moreover, the wind has intensified and the healthy erect trees have become more scarce as you walk on an increasingly rocky surface, with frequent dead trees and plants littered throughout the path.
You can feel the pain of the mountain you stand on and know that it has suffered greatly.
The Golden peak now lies not too far away and you can see the base of it looming ahead with your naked eye.
1) Next.
You refuse the bell and vajra, telling the wizard that you are not yet ready to take up such a responsibility.
Though looking a bit disappointed, he nods in understanding and then bows in farewell.
You look outwards towards the setting sun.
You are filled with an inner peace and resolve at the accomplishment of your task.
You wonder at how different things will be when you return to the monastery and how different of a person you will seem...
You wonder at how different things will be when you return to the monastery and how different of a person you will seem...
1) Take a deep breath of the mountain air
He tells you that the wizard is somewhere on the peak and that he knows he's been incapacitated, but is not sure of the means.  
1) "I will do what I can."
2) "I will have to think about it."
3) "I don't trust you and you're probably here for good reason.  I won't free you."
After managing to evade the devestating swings of the studded war club, you manage to sink your axe into the neck of the demon.
However, the first blow you land unfortunately isn't a clean strike and the head isn't fully severed.
Instead, the head is only partially severed and the thick neck of the Oni now sports giant gash that pours out thick, dark blood.
It lets out a groan and wobbles slightly before you strike a second time, this time severing the head completely.
Blood pours out in larger volumes and the Oni falls dead, its body twitching slightly before going still.
Again, you hear the sound of faint running water beyond where the Oni had been sitting.
1) Go towards the sound.

You shout in rage at the Rakshasa as you wave your axe in the air. 
It turns towards you, baring its teeth, and boring its yellow eyes into you. 
1) [Fight]
The man's mouth curls into a weak smile.  
"You can call me Hitokotonushi."
As for why you should trust me, you shouldn't, and I understand your doubts, but you can at least trust me more than the maniac who did this to me."  
1) "I will do what I can."
2) "I will have to think about it."
3) "Who is this wizard and why did he do this to you?"
4) "I don't trust you and you're probably here for good reason.  I won't free you."
The man disappears.
Just like that, you open your eyes back to the waking world, the sun greeting you on the horizon as it signals a new day and a new dawn.
1) Continue on your journey
You walk towards the direction from where the sound came. 
As you approach where you approximate is the origin of the cry for help, you do not see anyone and whoever had made the noise is now silent.
Suddenly, you hear someone shout "Down here!".
You look to your left towards the voice.
To the west, you see a ravine you had not noticed before and look down into it.
At the bottom of the ravine lies a beaten looking mendicant seemingly bound to a boulder.  
1) Approach the man and speak to him
2) Waste no time and rush to the man's aid.
3) Return to the path and continue to the Golden peak.  Something about this situation seems off.
You Died
[End of Demo]
As you approach the modestly clad mendicant, he raises his pleading eyes to meet your own.
They look weary, but underneath the veneer you can see a glint in his eye. 
Perhaps a glint of hopefulness?  Duplicity?  You aren't sure, but before you can dwell on the matter further, he addresses you.
"You...please free me from this torment.  The sadistic wizard of these mountains has left me here to rot."
"He placed a curse on me that can only be broken with his death.  Do not trust him."
He stops speaking and drops his gaze back to the ground.  You respond...
1) "Who is this wizard and why did he do this to you?"
2) "Tell me where to find this wizard"
3) "Why should I trust you?  Who are you exactly?"
4) [Leave and proceed to the Golden Peak]
You turn away from the angry figure and leave the ravine behind, walking away as the insults he hurls at your back sound farther and farther away.
You are almost grateful when it finally dies down and you return to the silence of the dying mountain forests.
Your conversation with the god has only brought up more questions about this wizard of the mountains.
You think back to the abbot's warning about angering the wizard.
1) Continue
You Lose
You fill your canteen with the water and then leave the cave the way you came, grabbing your weapon on the way.

1) Continue on the winding path up the mountain.
You rush to the wounded god and pull out your canteen, but before you can feed the waters to Zao Gongen, you hear the sound of a drawstring.
Thankfully, your reflexes allow you to dodge the full impact, but another arrow (identical to the one that pierced the god) flies past and grazes your left arm.
You clasp your wound with your right hand and feel the hot red blood as it drips through your fingers.
You look up and see the source of the arrow descend.
Before you is another demon, larger than all the others, and bright red in skin color.
Six arms extend from its muscular torso.  One holds a bow and another draws an arrow.
In two of its hands it grasps curved steel swords, and in the last two hands, it wields a deadly flame.
On its head are not one, but three hideous faces that glare at you, while its jagged teeth curve into a cruel smile.
You recognize that this demon is not like the others, but an intelligent and extremely powerful being; no different than a god in ability.
He is what the monks call an Asura, one who is distinguished from the gods by his opposition to Dharma. 
He licks his front two canines, following a natural curve upwards into a perpetual insideous grin.
He laughs at you mockingly and draws his bow to fire.
1) Draw your axe and prepare to fight the Asura.
